README.md, before:

This program is a linear search multiplicative order finder.

The multiplicative order of an integer 𝑎 modulo 𝑛 is the smallest positive integer 𝑏 such that 𝑎 raised to the power of 𝑏 is congruent to 1, modulo 𝑚. 

![eq](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cb1a1317-57b8-4a2a-9493-050b40f9e854)<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- Generated by CodeCogs with dvisvgm 3.4.3 -->
<svg version='1.1' xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' xmlns:xlink='http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink' width='84.304707pt' height='13.805603pt' viewBox='-.301588 -.251081 84.304707 13.805603'>
<defs>
<path id='g3-40' d='M3.610908 2.618181C3.610908 2.585454 3.610908 2.563636 3.425454 2.378181C2.061818 1.003636 1.712727-1.058182 1.712727-2.727272C1.712727-4.625453 2.127272-6.523635 3.46909-7.887271C3.610908-8.01818 3.610908-8.039998 3.610908-8.072725C3.610908-8.149089 3.567272-8.181816 3.501817-8.181816C3.392726-8.181816 2.410908-7.439998 1.767272-6.054544C1.210909-4.854544 1.08-3.643635 1.08-2.727272C1.08-1.876363 1.2-.556363 1.799999 .676363C2.454545 2.018181 3.392726 2.727272 3.501817 2.727272C3.567272 2.727272 3.610908 2.694545 3.610908 2.618181Z'/>
<path id='g3-41' d='M3.152726-2.727272C3.152726-3.578181 3.032726-4.89818 2.432727-6.130907C1.778181-7.472725 .84-8.181816 .730909-8.181816C.665454-8.181816 .621818-8.13818 .621818-8.072725C.621818-8.039998 .621818-8.01818 .829091-7.821816C1.898181-6.741816 2.519999-5.007271 2.519999-2.727272C2.519999-.861818 2.116363 1.058182 .763636 2.432727C.621818 2.563636 .621818 2.585454 .621818 2.618181C.621818 2.683636 .665454 2.727272 .730909 2.727272C.84 2.727272 1.821818 1.985454 2.465454 .6C3.021817-.6 3.152726-1.810909 3.152726-2.727272Z'/>
<path id='g3-49' d='M3.207272-6.981816C3.207272-7.243634 3.207272-7.265453 2.956363-7.265453C2.279999-6.567271 1.32-6.567271 .970909-6.567271V-6.229089C1.189091-6.229089 1.832727-6.229089 2.399999-6.512725V-.861818C2.399999-.469091 2.367272-.338182 1.385454-.338182H1.036363V0C1.418181-.032727 2.367272-.032727 2.803636-.032727S4.18909-.032727 4.570908 0V-.338182H4.221817C3.239999-.338182 3.207272-.458182 3.207272-.861818V-6.981816Z'/>
<path id='g3-100' d='M4.145453-.6V.12L5.749089 0V-.338182C4.985453-.338182 4.89818-.414545 4.89818-.949091V-7.570907L3.327272-7.450907V-7.112725C4.090908-7.112725 4.178181-7.036362 4.178181-6.501816V-4.145453C3.861817-4.538181 3.392726-4.821817 2.803636-4.821817C1.516363-4.821817 .370909-3.752726 .370909-2.345454C.370909-.96 1.44 .12 2.683636 .12C3.381817 .12 3.872726-.250909 4.145453-.6ZM4.145453-3.523635V-1.287272C4.145453-1.090909 4.145453-1.069091 4.025453-.883636C3.698181-.36 3.207272-.12 2.738181-.12C2.247272-.12 1.854545-.403636 1.592727-.818182C1.309091-1.265454 1.276363-1.887272 1.276363-2.334545C1.276363-2.738181 1.298181-3.392726 1.614545-3.883635C1.843636-4.221817 2.258181-4.581817 2.847272-4.581817C3.22909-4.581817 3.687272-4.418181 4.025453-3.927272C4.145453-3.741817 4.145453-3.719999 4.145453-3.523635Z'/>
<path id='g3-109' d='M1.2-3.752726V-.829091C1.2-.338182 1.08-.338182 .349091-.338182V0C.730909-.010909 1.287272-.032727 1.581818-.032727C1.865454-.032727 2.432727-.010909 2.803636 0V-.338182C2.072727-.338182 1.952727-.338182 1.952727-.829091V-2.836363C1.952727-3.970908 2.727272-4.581817 3.425454-4.581817C4.112726-4.581817 4.232726-3.992726 4.232726-3.370908V-.829091C4.232726-.338182 4.112726-.338182 3.381817-.338182V0C3.763635-.010909 4.319999-.032727 4.614544-.032727C4.89818-.032727 5.465453-.010909 5.836362 0V-.338182C5.105453-.338182 4.985453-.338182 4.985453-.829091V-2.836363C4.985453-3.970908 5.759998-4.581817 6.45818-4.581817C7.145453-4.581817 7.265453-3.992726 7.265453-3.370908V-.829091C7.265453-.338182 7.145453-.338182 6.414544-.338182V0C6.796362-.010909 7.352725-.032727 7.647271-.032727C7.930907-.032727 8.498179-.010909 8.869088 0V-.338182C8.301816-.338182 8.029089-.338182 8.01818-.665454V-2.74909C8.01818-3.687272 8.01818-4.025453 7.679998-4.418181C7.527271-4.603635 7.167271-4.821817 6.534544-4.821817C5.61818-4.821817 5.13818-4.167272 4.952726-3.752726C4.799999-4.701817 3.992726-4.821817 3.501817-4.821817C2.705454-4.821817 2.192727-4.352726 1.887272-3.676363V-4.821817L.349091-4.701817V-4.363635C1.112727-4.363635 1.2-4.287272 1.2-3.752726Z'/>
<path id='g3-111' d='M5.13818-2.334545C5.13818-3.730908 4.047272-4.887271 2.727272-4.887271C1.363636-4.887271 .305454-3.698181 .305454-2.334545C.305454-.927272 1.44 .12 2.716363 .12C4.036363 .12 5.13818-.949091 5.13818-2.334545ZM2.727272-.152727C2.258181-.152727 1.778181-.381818 1.483636-.883636C1.210909-1.363636 1.210909-2.02909 1.210909-2.421818C1.210909-2.847272 1.210909-3.436363 1.472727-3.916363C1.767272-4.418181 2.279999-4.647271 2.716363-4.647271C3.196363-4.647271 3.665454-4.407271 3.94909-3.938181S4.232726-2.836363 4.232726-2.421818C4.232726-2.02909 4.232726-1.44 3.992726-.96C3.752726-.469091 3.272726-.152727 2.727272-.152727Z'/>
<path id='g0-17' d='M7.483634-4.625453C7.669089-4.625453 7.876361-4.625453 7.876361-4.843635S7.679998-5.061817 7.494543-5.061817H.981818C.796363-5.061817 .6-5.061817 .6-4.843635S.818182-4.625453 .992727-4.625453H7.483634ZM7.494543-.392727C7.679998-.392727 7.876361-.392727 7.876361-.610909S7.669089-.829091 7.483634-.829091H.992727C.818182-.829091 .6-.829091 .6-.610909S.796363-.392727 .981818-.392727H7.494543ZM7.494543-2.50909C7.679998-2.50909 7.876361-2.50909 7.876361-2.727272S7.679998-2.945454 7.494543-2.945454H.981818C.796363-2.945454 .6-2.945454 .6-2.727272S.796363-2.50909 .981818-2.50909H7.494543Z'/>
<path id='g2-97' d='M4.06909-4.123635C3.872726-4.527271 3.556363-4.821817 3.065454-4.821817C1.78909-4.821817 .436364-3.218181 .436364-1.625454C.436364-.6 1.036363 .12 1.887272 .12C2.105454 .12 2.650908 .076364 3.305454-.698182C3.392726-.24 3.774544 .12 4.298181 .12C4.679999 .12 4.930908-.130909 5.105453-.48C5.290908-.872727 5.432726-1.538181 5.432726-1.56C5.432726-1.66909 5.334544-1.66909 5.301817-1.66909C5.192726-1.66909 5.181817-1.625454 5.149089-1.472727C4.963635-.763636 4.767271-.12 4.319999-.12C4.025453-.12 3.992726-.403636 3.992726-.621818C3.992726-.861818 4.014544-.949091 4.134544-1.429091C4.254544-1.887272 4.276362-1.996363 4.374544-2.410908L4.767271-3.938181C4.843635-4.243635 4.843635-4.265453 4.843635-4.30909C4.843635-4.494544 4.712726-4.603635 4.527271-4.603635C4.265453-4.603635 4.101817-4.363635 4.06909-4.123635ZM3.359999-1.298181C3.305454-1.101818 3.305454-1.08 3.141817-.894545C2.661817-.294545 2.214545-.12 1.90909-.12C1.363636-.12 1.210909-.72 1.210909-1.145454C1.210909-1.690909 1.56-3.032726 1.810909-3.534544C2.14909-4.178181 2.639999-4.581817 3.076363-4.581817C3.785453-4.581817 3.938181-3.687272 3.938181-3.621817S3.916363-3.490908 3.905453-3.436363L3.359999-1.298181Z'/>
<path id='g2-109' d='M.96-.643636C.927272-.48 .861818-.229091 .861818-.174545C.861818 .021818 1.014545 .12 1.178181 .12C1.309091 .12 1.505454 .032727 1.581818-.185454C1.592727-.207273 1.723636-.72 1.78909-.992727L2.02909-1.974545C2.094545-2.214545 2.159999-2.454545 2.214545-2.705454C2.258181-2.890908 2.345454-3.207272 2.356363-3.250908C2.519999-3.58909 3.098181-4.581817 4.134544-4.581817C4.625453-4.581817 4.723635-4.178181 4.723635-3.818181C4.723635-3.545454 4.647271-3.239999 4.559999-2.912726L4.254544-1.647272L4.036363-.818182C3.992726-.6 3.894544-.229091 3.894544-.174545C3.894544 .021818 4.047272 .12 4.210908 .12C4.54909 .12 4.614544-.152727 4.701817-.501818C4.854544-1.112727 5.25818-2.705454 5.356362-3.130908C5.389089-3.272726 5.967271-4.581817 7.156362-4.581817C7.625452-4.581817 7.745452-4.210908 7.745452-3.818181C7.745452-3.196363 7.287271-1.952727 7.069089-1.374545C6.970907-1.112727 6.927271-.992727 6.927271-.774545C6.927271-.261818 7.309089 .12 7.821816 .12C8.84727 .12 9.250907-1.472727 9.250907-1.56C9.250907-1.66909 9.152725-1.66909 9.119997-1.66909C9.010907-1.66909 9.010907-1.636363 8.956361-1.472727C8.792725-.894545 8.443634-.12 7.843634-.12C7.65818-.12 7.581816-.229091 7.581816-.48C7.581816-.752727 7.679998-1.014545 7.77818-1.254545C7.985452-1.821818 8.443634-3.032726 8.443634-3.654544C8.443634-4.363635 8.00727-4.821817 7.189089-4.821817S5.814544-4.341817 5.410908-3.763635C5.399998-3.905453 5.367271-4.276362 5.061817-4.538181C4.78909-4.767271 4.439999-4.821817 4.167272-4.821817C3.185454-4.821817 2.650908-4.123635 2.465454-3.872726C2.410908-4.494544 1.952727-4.821817 1.461818-4.821817C.96-4.821817 .752727-4.396362 .654545-4.199999C.458182-3.818181 .316364-3.174545 .316364-3.141817C.316364-3.032726 .425454-3.032726 .447273-3.032726C.556363-3.032726 .567273-3.043636 .632727-3.283635C.818182-4.058181 1.036363-4.581817 1.429091-4.581817C1.603636-4.581817 1.767272-4.494544 1.767272-4.079999C1.767272-3.850908 1.734545-3.730908 1.592727-3.163635L.96-.643636Z'/>
<path id='g1-98' d='M1.944707-5.292154C1.952677-5.308095 1.976588-5.411706 1.976588-5.419676C1.976588-5.459527 1.944707-5.531258 1.849066-5.531258C1.817186-5.531258 1.570112-5.507347 1.3868-5.491407L.940473-5.459527C.765131-5.443587 .68543-5.435616 .68543-5.292154C.68543-5.180573 .797011-5.180573 .892653-5.180573C1.275218-5.180573 1.275218-5.132752 1.275218-5.061021C1.275218-5.0132 1.195517-4.694396 1.147696-4.511083L.454296-1.737484C.390535-1.466501 .390535-1.346949 .390535-1.211457C.390535-.390535 .892653 .079701 1.506351 .079701C2.486675 .079701 3.506849-1.052055 3.506849-2.207721C3.506849-2.996762 2.996762-3.514819 2.359153-3.514819C1.912827-3.514819 1.570112-3.227895 1.39477-3.076463L1.944707-5.292154ZM1.506351-.143462C1.219427-.143462 .932503-.366625 .932503-.948443C.932503-1.163636 .964384-1.362889 1.060025-1.745455C1.115816-1.976588 1.171606-2.199751 1.235367-2.430884C1.275218-2.574346 1.275218-2.590286 1.370859-2.709838C1.641843-3.044583 2.000498-3.291656 2.335243-3.291656C2.733748-3.291656 2.885181-2.901121 2.885181-2.542466C2.885181-2.247572 2.709838-1.39477 2.470735-.924533C2.263512-.494147 1.880946-.143462 1.506351-.143462Z'/>
</defs>
<g id='page1' transform='matrix(1.13 0 0 1.13 -80.72494 -67.206)'>
<use x='70.734745' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g2-97'/>
<use x='76.501182' y='64.783399' xlink:href='#g1-98'/>
<use x='83.652146' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g0-17'/>
<use x='95.167269' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-49'/>
<use x='103.652081' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-40'/>
<use x='108.500569' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-109'/>
<use x='117.591503' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-111'/>
<use x='123.3491' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-100'/>
<use x='133.04599' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g2-109'/>
<use x='142.624317' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-41'/>
</g>
</svg>

Commit message:

Update definition of multiplicative order in README
Clarified the definition of multiplicative order by specifying that 𝑎 and 𝑏 must be coprime.

README.md, after:

This program is a linear search multiplicative order finder.

The multiplicative order of an integer 𝑎 modulo 𝑛 is the smallest positive integer 𝑏 such that 𝑎 raised to the power of 𝑏 is congruent to 1, modulo 𝑚, given that 𝑎 and 𝑏 are relatively prime (coprime) one to the other.

![eq](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cb1a1317-57b8-4a2a-9493-050b40f9e854)<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!-- Generated by CodeCogs with dvisvgm 3.4.3 -->
<svg version='1.1' xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' xmlns:xlink='http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink' width='84.304707pt' height='13.805603pt' viewBox='-.301588 -.251081 84.304707 13.805603'>
<defs>
<path id='g3-40' d='M3.610908 2.618181C3.610908 2.585454 3.610908 2.563636 3.425454 2.378181C2.061818 1.003636 1.712727-1.058182 1.712727-2.727272C1.712727-4.625453 2.127272-6.523635 3.46909-7.887271C3.610908-8.01818 3.610908-8.039998 3.610908-8.072725C3.610908-8.149089 3.567272-8.181816 3.501817-8.181816C3.392726-8.181816 2.410908-7.439998 1.767272-6.054544C1.210909-4.854544 1.08-3.643635 1.08-2.727272C1.08-1.876363 1.2-.556363 1.799999 .676363C2.454545 2.018181 3.392726 2.727272 3.501817 2.727272C3.567272 2.727272 3.610908 2.694545 3.610908 2.618181Z'/>
<path id='g3-41' d='M3.152726-2.727272C3.152726-3.578181 3.032726-4.89818 2.432727-6.130907C1.778181-7.472725 .84-8.181816 .730909-8.181816C.665454-8.181816 .621818-8.13818 .621818-8.072725C.621818-8.039998 .621818-8.01818 .829091-7.821816C1.898181-6.741816 2.519999-5.007271 2.519999-2.727272C2.519999-.861818 2.116363 1.058182 .763636 2.432727C.621818 2.563636 .621818 2.585454 .621818 2.618181C.621818 2.683636 .665454 2.727272 .730909 2.727272C.84 2.727272 1.821818 1.985454 2.465454 .6C3.021817-.6 3.152726-1.810909 3.152726-2.727272Z'/>
<path id='g3-49' d='M3.207272-6.981816C3.207272-7.243634 3.207272-7.265453 2.956363-7.265453C2.279999-6.567271 1.32-6.567271 .970909-6.567271V-6.229089C1.189091-6.229089 1.832727-6.229089 2.399999-6.512725V-.861818C2.399999-.469091 2.367272-.338182 1.385454-.338182H1.036363V0C1.418181-.032727 2.367272-.032727 2.803636-.032727S4.18909-.032727 4.570908 0V-.338182H4.221817C3.239999-.338182 3.207272-.458182 3.207272-.861818V-6.981816Z'/>
<path id='g3-100' d='M4.145453-.6V.12L5.749089 0V-.338182C4.985453-.338182 4.89818-.414545 4.89818-.949091V-7.570907L3.327272-7.450907V-7.112725C4.090908-7.112725 4.178181-7.036362 4.178181-6.501816V-4.145453C3.861817-4.538181 3.392726-4.821817 2.803636-4.821817C1.516363-4.821817 .370909-3.752726 .370909-2.345454C.370909-.96 1.44 .12 2.683636 .12C3.381817 .12 3.872726-.250909 4.145453-.6ZM4.145453-3.523635V-1.287272C4.145453-1.090909 4.145453-1.069091 4.025453-.883636C3.698181-.36 3.207272-.12 2.738181-.12C2.247272-.12 1.854545-.403636 1.592727-.818182C1.309091-1.265454 1.276363-1.887272 1.276363-2.334545C1.276363-2.738181 1.298181-3.392726 1.614545-3.883635C1.843636-4.221817 2.258181-4.581817 2.847272-4.581817C3.22909-4.581817 3.687272-4.418181 4.025453-3.927272C4.145453-3.741817 4.145453-3.719999 4.145453-3.523635Z'/>
<path id='g3-109' d='M1.2-3.752726V-.829091C1.2-.338182 1.08-.338182 .349091-.338182V0C.730909-.010909 1.287272-.032727 1.581818-.032727C1.865454-.032727 2.432727-.010909 2.803636 0V-.338182C2.072727-.338182 1.952727-.338182 1.952727-.829091V-2.836363C1.952727-3.970908 2.727272-4.581817 3.425454-4.581817C4.112726-4.581817 4.232726-3.992726 4.232726-3.370908V-.829091C4.232726-.338182 4.112726-.338182 3.381817-.338182V0C3.763635-.010909 4.319999-.032727 4.614544-.032727C4.89818-.032727 5.465453-.010909 5.836362 0V-.338182C5.105453-.338182 4.985453-.338182 4.985453-.829091V-2.836363C4.985453-3.970908 5.759998-4.581817 6.45818-4.581817C7.145453-4.581817 7.265453-3.992726 7.265453-3.370908V-.829091C7.265453-.338182 7.145453-.338182 6.414544-.338182V0C6.796362-.010909 7.352725-.032727 7.647271-.032727C7.930907-.032727 8.498179-.010909 8.869088 0V-.338182C8.301816-.338182 8.029089-.338182 8.01818-.665454V-2.74909C8.01818-3.687272 8.01818-4.025453 7.679998-4.418181C7.527271-4.603635 7.167271-4.821817 6.534544-4.821817C5.61818-4.821817 5.13818-4.167272 4.952726-3.752726C4.799999-4.701817 3.992726-4.821817 3.501817-4.821817C2.705454-4.821817 2.192727-4.352726 1.887272-3.676363V-4.821817L.349091-4.701817V-4.363635C1.112727-4.363635 1.2-4.287272 1.2-3.752726Z'/>
<path id='g3-111' d='M5.13818-2.334545C5.13818-3.730908 4.047272-4.887271 2.727272-4.887271C1.363636-4.887271 .305454-3.698181 .305454-2.334545C.305454-.927272 1.44 .12 2.716363 .12C4.036363 .12 5.13818-.949091 5.13818-2.334545ZM2.727272-.152727C2.258181-.152727 1.778181-.381818 1.483636-.883636C1.210909-1.363636 1.210909-2.02909 1.210909-2.421818C1.210909-2.847272 1.210909-3.436363 1.472727-3.916363C1.767272-4.418181 2.279999-4.647271 2.716363-4.647271C3.196363-4.647271 3.665454-4.407271 3.94909-3.938181S4.232726-2.836363 4.232726-2.421818C4.232726-2.02909 4.232726-1.44 3.992726-.96C3.752726-.469091 3.272726-.152727 2.727272-.152727Z'/>
<path id='g0-17' d='M7.483634-4.625453C7.669089-4.625453 7.876361-4.625453 7.876361-4.843635S7.679998-5.061817 7.494543-5.061817H.981818C.796363-5.061817 .6-5.061817 .6-4.843635S.818182-4.625453 .992727-4.625453H7.483634ZM7.494543-.392727C7.679998-.392727 7.876361-.392727 7.876361-.610909S7.669089-.829091 7.483634-.829091H.992727C.818182-.829091 .6-.829091 .6-.610909S.796363-.392727 .981818-.392727H7.494543ZM7.494543-2.50909C7.679998-2.50909 7.876361-2.50909 7.876361-2.727272S7.679998-2.945454 7.494543-2.945454H.981818C.796363-2.945454 .6-2.945454 .6-2.727272S.796363-2.50909 .981818-2.50909H7.494543Z'/>
<path id='g2-97' d='M4.06909-4.123635C3.872726-4.527271 3.556363-4.821817 3.065454-4.821817C1.78909-4.821817 .436364-3.218181 .436364-1.625454C.436364-.6 1.036363 .12 1.887272 .12C2.105454 .12 2.650908 .076364 3.305454-.698182C3.392726-.24 3.774544 .12 4.298181 .12C4.679999 .12 4.930908-.130909 5.105453-.48C5.290908-.872727 5.432726-1.538181 5.432726-1.56C5.432726-1.66909 5.334544-1.66909 5.301817-1.66909C5.192726-1.66909 5.181817-1.625454 5.149089-1.472727C4.963635-.763636 4.767271-.12 4.319999-.12C4.025453-.12 3.992726-.403636 3.992726-.621818C3.992726-.861818 4.014544-.949091 4.134544-1.429091C4.254544-1.887272 4.276362-1.996363 4.374544-2.410908L4.767271-3.938181C4.843635-4.243635 4.843635-4.265453 4.843635-4.30909C4.843635-4.494544 4.712726-4.603635 4.527271-4.603635C4.265453-4.603635 4.101817-4.363635 4.06909-4.123635ZM3.359999-1.298181C3.305454-1.101818 3.305454-1.08 3.141817-.894545C2.661817-.294545 2.214545-.12 1.90909-.12C1.363636-.12 1.210909-.72 1.210909-1.145454C1.210909-1.690909 1.56-3.032726 1.810909-3.534544C2.14909-4.178181 2.639999-4.581817 3.076363-4.581817C3.785453-4.581817 3.938181-3.687272 3.938181-3.621817S3.916363-3.490908 3.905453-3.436363L3.359999-1.298181Z'/>
<path id='g2-109' d='M.96-.643636C.927272-.48 .861818-.229091 .861818-.174545C.861818 .021818 1.014545 .12 1.178181 .12C1.309091 .12 1.505454 .032727 1.581818-.185454C1.592727-.207273 1.723636-.72 1.78909-.992727L2.02909-1.974545C2.094545-2.214545 2.159999-2.454545 2.214545-2.705454C2.258181-2.890908 2.345454-3.207272 2.356363-3.250908C2.519999-3.58909 3.098181-4.581817 4.134544-4.581817C4.625453-4.581817 4.723635-4.178181 4.723635-3.818181C4.723635-3.545454 4.647271-3.239999 4.559999-2.912726L4.254544-1.647272L4.036363-.818182C3.992726-.6 3.894544-.229091 3.894544-.174545C3.894544 .021818 4.047272 .12 4.210908 .12C4.54909 .12 4.614544-.152727 4.701817-.501818C4.854544-1.112727 5.25818-2.705454 5.356362-3.130908C5.389089-3.272726 5.967271-4.581817 7.156362-4.581817C7.625452-4.581817 7.745452-4.210908 7.745452-3.818181C7.745452-3.196363 7.287271-1.952727 7.069089-1.374545C6.970907-1.112727 6.927271-.992727 6.927271-.774545C6.927271-.261818 7.309089 .12 7.821816 .12C8.84727 .12 9.250907-1.472727 9.250907-1.56C9.250907-1.66909 9.152725-1.66909 9.119997-1.66909C9.010907-1.66909 9.010907-1.636363 8.956361-1.472727C8.792725-.894545 8.443634-.12 7.843634-.12C7.65818-.12 7.581816-.229091 7.581816-.48C7.581816-.752727 7.679998-1.014545 7.77818-1.254545C7.985452-1.821818 8.443634-3.032726 8.443634-3.654544C8.443634-4.363635 8.00727-4.821817 7.189089-4.821817S5.814544-4.341817 5.410908-3.763635C5.399998-3.905453 5.367271-4.276362 5.061817-4.538181C4.78909-4.767271 4.439999-4.821817 4.167272-4.821817C3.185454-4.821817 2.650908-4.123635 2.465454-3.872726C2.410908-4.494544 1.952727-4.821817 1.461818-4.821817C.96-4.821817 .752727-4.396362 .654545-4.199999C.458182-3.818181 .316364-3.174545 .316364-3.141817C.316364-3.032726 .425454-3.032726 .447273-3.032726C.556363-3.032726 .567273-3.043636 .632727-3.283635C.818182-4.058181 1.036363-4.581817 1.429091-4.581817C1.603636-4.581817 1.767272-4.494544 1.767272-4.079999C1.767272-3.850908 1.734545-3.730908 1.592727-3.163635L.96-.643636Z'/>
<path id='g1-98' d='M1.944707-5.292154C1.952677-5.308095 1.976588-5.411706 1.976588-5.419676C1.976588-5.459527 1.944707-5.531258 1.849066-5.531258C1.817186-5.531258 1.570112-5.507347 1.3868-5.491407L.940473-5.459527C.765131-5.443587 .68543-5.435616 .68543-5.292154C.68543-5.180573 .797011-5.180573 .892653-5.180573C1.275218-5.180573 1.275218-5.132752 1.275218-5.061021C1.275218-5.0132 1.195517-4.694396 1.147696-4.511083L.454296-1.737484C.390535-1.466501 .390535-1.346949 .390535-1.211457C.390535-.390535 .892653 .079701 1.506351 .079701C2.486675 .079701 3.506849-1.052055 3.506849-2.207721C3.506849-2.996762 2.996762-3.514819 2.359153-3.514819C1.912827-3.514819 1.570112-3.227895 1.39477-3.076463L1.944707-5.292154ZM1.506351-.143462C1.219427-.143462 .932503-.366625 .932503-.948443C.932503-1.163636 .964384-1.362889 1.060025-1.745455C1.115816-1.976588 1.171606-2.199751 1.235367-2.430884C1.275218-2.574346 1.275218-2.590286 1.370859-2.709838C1.641843-3.044583 2.000498-3.291656 2.335243-3.291656C2.733748-3.291656 2.885181-2.901121 2.885181-2.542466C2.885181-2.247572 2.709838-1.39477 2.470735-.924533C2.263512-.494147 1.880946-.143462 1.506351-.143462Z'/>
</defs>
<g id='page1' transform='matrix(1.13 0 0 1.13 -80.72494 -67.206)'>
<use x='70.734745' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g2-97'/>
<use x='76.501182' y='64.783399' xlink:href='#g1-98'/>
<use x='83.652146' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g0-17'/>
<use x='95.167269' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-49'/>
<use x='103.652081' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-40'/>
<use x='108.500569' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-109'/>
<use x='117.591503' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-111'/>
<use x='123.3491' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-100'/>
<use x='133.04599' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g2-109'/>
<use x='142.624317' y='68.742217' xlink:href='#g3-41'/>
</g>
</svg>
